FIX: Support for extracting data from archives with dirs (#2512)
certtools/intelmq: CHANGELOG.md

### Core
- `intelmq.lib.utils.drop_privileges`: When IntelMQ is called as `root` and dropping the privileges to user `intelmq`, also set the non-primary groups associated with the `intelmq` user. Makes the behaviour of running intelmqctl as `root` closer to the behaviour of `sudo -u intelmq ...` (PR#2507 by Mikk Margus Möll).

> - `intelmq.lib.utils.unzip`: Filter out directory entries when extracting data fixing the issue that
>   archives with directories causes extracting empty data for a directory entry (PR# by Kamil Mankowski).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `intelmq.lib.utils.unzip`: Ignore directories themselves when extracting data to prevent the extraction of empty data for a directory entries (PR#2512 by Kamil Mankowski).
```
